Now the only other functionality that we need to migrate to use
our API is adding a new todo item as well as adding a new goal.
So inside of add item what we can do is,
let's move all of this down,
and the method we want to call on our API is going to be API.saveTodo.
What we need to pass it is the value of the new todo item or the name of
the new todo item which we can get by calling this.input.value.
And then, when this function resolves,
we're going to get the new todo item that we can add to the state of our store.
So right now what we're doing is we have this code down here,
so on the client,
we are generating an id and we have complete set to false.
It doesn't make a whole lot of sense to generate id's on the client for obvious reasons.
So what we'll do is,
assume that when we invoke saveTodo from our API,
what we get back is the brand new todo item that will look similar to this right here.
So what that means we can do is then we can call
this.props.store.dispatch with our addTodoAction here.
And what we pass this is going to be
the new todo item that we're getting back from the server.
And then from there,
we can add in this line right here which is going to reset the input field.
And then last, we can add a catch here just to say,
"Sorry about that, there was an error. Try again."
So notice that we are not doing
optimistic updates with adding an item and the only reason for that is this right here,
because the id is being generated on the server for us,
so we could figure out a way to add it back to our redux store if the request fell,
but I think at this point you already get the idea of
optimistic updates so for now we will just save this and when the request succeeds,
we'll go ahead and add it to our redux store.
And we want to do something very similar for our goals component here.
So same thing we will call API.saveGoal,
this time passing it the name of the goal which we get from this.input.value.
When that resolves the,
API is going to return us or give us the brand new goal that it created.
We can then call this.props.store.dispatch
invoking the add goal action passing in the new goal,
and then from there we just say this.input.value equals an empty string to reset
the input filled and then we'll have a catch here to alert,
"There was an error, sorry about that.
Go ahead and try again." So now we can delete all of this code.
And now if we head back over to our app,
we load our initial data,
we can add a new item here,
walk the dog was already taken so what can I do?
Let's do, read a book.
Now, you'll notice there's a slight delay because it is
making an asynchronous request there,
and then we get that in our to do list.
And then we can add a new goal,
say, run a marathon.
And now that item was added to our database and
when we got a confirmation that it was actually added,
we went ahead and added it to our redux store as well.